readme.md, before:

## How to run &amp; install

1. Download and install Python 2.7
1. Download and install the latest copy of [PyGame](http://www.pygame.org/news.html)
1. Run `> python main`

## How to play

The game of life has 4 basic rules:

1. Any live cell with fewer than two live neighbors dies, as if caused by under-population
1. Any live cell with two or three live neighbors lives on to the next generation
1. Any live cell with more than three live neighbors dies, as if by overcrowding
1. Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbors becomes a live cell, as if by reproduction (or resurrection in our case)

## Overview

This is a simple python implementation of the classic __Game of Life__ or __Life__.  Please feel free to expierment
with the code and make any changes.  I do plan to add some more features/functionality in the future.

## Planned Features

1. Save shapes
1. Shape library
1. Step through generations
1. Game grid size
1. Better configuration settings (rendering speed mostly)
1. ~~Random pattern generation~~


## Bundled with
[Glyphicons.com](http://www.GLYPHICONS.com) - [CC BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

Commit message:

Adds saving and loading the entire gameboard (woohoo) New glyphicons to support saving/loading

readme.md, after:

## How to run &amp; install

1. Download and install Python 2.7
1. Download and install the latest copy of [PyGame](http://www.pygame.org/news.html)
1. Run `> python main`

## How to play

The game of life has 4 basic rules:

1. Any live cell with fewer than two live neighbors dies, as if caused by under-population
1. Any live cell with two or three live neighbors lives on to the next generation
1. Any live cell with more than three live neighbors dies, as if by overcrowding
1. Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbors becomes a live cell, as if by reproduction (or resurrection in our case)

## Overview

This is a simple python implementation of the classic __Game of Life__ or __Life__.  Please feel free to experiment
with the code and make any changes.  I do plan to add some more features/functionality in the future.

## Planned Features

1. ~~Save entire board~~
1. ~~Load board~~
1. Save shapes
  1. Partial (shape saving exist, need shape creator window)
1. Shape library
1. Step through generations
1. Game grid size
1. Better configuration settings (rendering speed mostly)
1. ~~Random pattern generation~~


## Bundled with
[Glyphicons.com](http://www.GLYPHICONS.com) - [CC BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
